this video is gonna be quite different
from how I originally planned it this is
a screen it is a giant gaming screen at
65 inches 4k and as I built this setup I
realize like this was an experience I
had to share with you guys so here we
are this is a screen that's made by HP
it's called the HP omen Imperium it's
the first of its kind
it's a 4k HDR capable like real HDR
capable screen that's also 144 g-sync
enabled so for the people I don't know
what that is it is a super smooth gaming
experience and it's something that when
I built this thing and I just tested a
game on it I was like wow I just had to
show you guys as I went through the
process of it okay so the screen will
get back to the screen in a second but
to power this to be able to get that
kind of framerate in a game at a 4k
resolution I'm running it off of this
system here this is the coarser one
because this is supposed to be used for
a living room entertainment system type
of thing I wanted a system that was
quiet like you don't want just any kind
of regular rig these guys did an amazing
job at it it's running in RTX 2080 TI
and an i $9.99 hundred K it's
water-cooled and it is probably the most
quiet system that you can purchase like
pre-built it's phenomenal for what this
is like what this whole setup is super
quiet living room system that's super
powerful okay real quick okay to
complete the whole living room
experience I have this this is the razor
turret this particular unit is built for
the Xbox but it works for a PC as well
the idea that you can just use it as a
lap board there's other companies that
make keyboard and mice combinations that
allow you to play on your couch or
whatever but this is just one that I
don't know I like it it's a I've used it
for a little bit not very much but from
what I've used of it so far it's quite
good but as we kind of go through this
video I'll give my feedback on this and
everything so Before we jump into the
actual game the first thing I noticed
when I connected this whole thing up is
that normally when you have games
running at 4k on like a regular 27-inch
screen or worse like a laptop screen you
cannot really appreciate the value
that 4k delivers on something this big
on a 65 inch screen it is incredibly
sharp it it's weird it's hard to
describe this in a video art to showcase
it in a video and it's even more
difficult to describe it in words but a
65 inch screen at 4k playing a game at
well right now it's 70 frames per second
even with this is running on RT x28 e TI
it is really difficult to get good frame
rates at 4k like that's just the nature
of 4k gaming right if I really wanted to
push this to like 144 frames per second
I have to drop quality I'd want to keep
the resolution though because if you're
playing on this screen you kind of
really want to take advantage of that
resolution
I went for the kill this looks so nice
like I it's so I wish I could just I
wish you guys could see this the way
that I'm seeing it but look look at the
detail this gun like I've seen this gun
a hundred times on a regular monitor and
you just don't get this kind of detail
it's just look so nice like look at that
look at that look at the buttons on the
scope I'm I've got the flank I'm here
got one there is a sandbar that comes
with the screen and it sounds a lot
better than I thought it would I mean a
lot of companies advertise included
sound bars as being like good quality
and stuff like that they're usually not
great this one sounds it's really nice
it's not gonna be comparable to
something that has like a dedicated
subwoofer or anything like that but for
gaming like very satisfied with it so HP
mentions that this screen has low input
lag and it feels good like I don't know
the exact numbers offhand I'd have to
look it up but it feels like any kind of
you know premium gaming monitor it's
fast very very fast
yeah look at this see the mouse so that
I think they've magnetized it so that if
you're transporting your keyboard thing
around it doesn't like well I think I
tilted a little too steep there but the
idea is that I mean you can tilt it a
little bit and then so there's like a
catch where it's like you know okay
should I finish them those guys are
two-on-one right there right one thing
for sure I've been playing on a laptop
for the majority of my apex experience
like I know 90% of the time I played
this game is done on a laptop and it
feels very strange to have a gigantic
screen for one it's also strange for
just to not be on a laptop keyboard the
tactility is nice look at this see the
scope I feel like with this with this TV
like every every guns a sniper rifle
look at that welcome buddy you don't
have the HP omen oh that's my own
teammate I'm amazing
that's all three
there's a third that I was so close I
really wanted to win I really wanted to
win man I think I got to wrap it it's
like four hours oh okay
I feel the reason why I'm not winning is
not because of the screen the screen is
fantastic it's that I'm not used to
having this like like your keyboard and
your mouse on your lap it's something
else
my heart's still going I'm embarrassed
man I'm straight-up embarrassed that I
played like three and a half four hours
of Apex I didn't get a win okay but if
you're in the market for something
that's awesome
like just a sheerly awesome living room
or mancave gaming experience this is the
screen to get it's so enjoyable it's
like super fluid large there's nothing
on the market quite like this I hope
that I was able to convey how awesome
the screen wants you guys but seriously
it's an amazing screen